Those are the ones I don't like what they smell like.
I don't like what 
they smell like _ .

Those are the ones that I don't know how they smell.
I don't know how they smell.

That's the guy that 
I was supposed to go into _his_ class tomorrow.

There's this thing that I want to show you in Zotero that I don't know what it is and I want to see if you can figure it out.
There's this thing that I want to show you in Zotero that I don't know what _it_ is 

I have a friend from high school that she wouldn't walk down the hallway
I have a friend from high school that _she_ wouldn't walk down the hallway
(I have a friend from high school who wouldn't walk down the hallway)

But we are also developing a society that many of the members think differently and that that's not necessarily bad.
? But we are also developing a society that many of the members think differently and that that's not necessarily bad.

We have to go that back that way which I don't know how we do from here.
? We have to go that back that way which I don't know how we do from here.

I need to find my purse that I don't know where it is.
I need to find my purse that I don't know where _it_ is.

It always does this weird syncing thing that I don't quite understand why.
(I don't understand [why it does [this weird syncing thing]])

There's this other park here that I don't quite know what it is.
There's this other park here that I don't quite know what it is.
(I don't quite know what this other park is.)

I also just did a word that I have no idea what it is.
(I have no idea what [this word that I just did] is.)

“For my current project, we have a force-directed graph that we wanted the ability to select some of the nodes.”

We have an ice thing that we don't even know how it works in the freezer.
(we don't even know how [the ice thing that we have in the freezer] works)

They also have a class called Intro to Programming which I want to do that one too.
(I want to do the class they have called Intro to Programming too)

Which building? That place you picked me up outside of it.
(That place you picked me up outside of)

Those things that they cover you up when you're dead.

There's also that pair of jeans over there that I hadn't decided what the story was.
(I hadn't decided what the story was with that pair of jeans over there)

Is there anybody else that we need to figure out what we're getting them?

This was a phone rep that I have no idea if they knew what they were talking about.

Something to do with the main guitar player who I'm forgetting his name now.

He's the guy that I have no idea who he is that I'm staying with.

We can all have friends that we don't necessarily like some of the things they do, but…

There are others that they don't tell you where they are.

I use the hair gel that you don't like how it smells.

It's crazy when we stop and think how many things there are in our world that we have no idea how they work.

She was in the class that everybody showed up.

Something stiff that you can just wrap it around it.

This is the place that I like their stuff a lot.

This is the place that I use the bathroom sometimes.

Here's two things of sauce which I'm not sure what their story is.

What was in it? Stuff that I don't know what it is.

There were these two guys in the front that they were saying "good job" after every song.

